So far, I dont really have too much done for my website. I currently have my landing page set up.
Within my landing page, I have a navbar and an image carousel. I created both of these elements by using the Bootstrap framework.
To have all of the fancy aspects of Bootstrap to work, I needed to include JQuery as well. The image carousel is pretty much just a 
slide show that I have for the landing page. It has pictures of the Cathedral of Learning, William Pitt Union, and an aerial view of all
of Oakland. I need to add some text that will serve as a greeting to the website. For the navbar, the only working link I have so far is 
the one for my game that I've created for the website, Cathy Clicker. Clicking on the button will redirect you to the Cathy Clicker page.
This page contains the same navbar as the landing page. Cathy Clicker is currently a fully functioning clicker game. I wrote a small 
JavaScript function that updates the text of a div below the image of the Cathedral. I've done a small amount of CSS on my own. 
For the header of the Cathy Clicker page, I added css to center the text, make the font color gold, and increase the font size. 
I essentially did the same thing for the div that displays the score. For each of the images I found, I had to edit them in GIMP
so that they wouldnt be huge and take up the whole screen when I put them into the website. Going forward, I still have to make the 
pages for the bulk of the website, the explore page and the best spots page. I think the most time consuming part of this project 
is going to be compiling all of these images together. I think I have a pretty good structure set up already, the navbar works really
well and looks great. I plan to use carousels again in the coming steps of the project. I think it would be the best way to have a top 10
places organized, and I can just set the transition to only happen on clicks and not automatically. I think for the general explore page,
I'm going to have a list containing all of the buildings, and if you click on one of them it will bring up a modal with a carousel of 
images of the building and a text description. I still have a lot left to do, but I think I have a good idea of how to do it. 
